Yes, I am. I was born
and
waked up. Oh,
give me a photo. My name is Diana. I was born and
waked up. My father was born and waked up. But I have
been living in New York for about 15 years. My
father got sick.
No, he wasn't
a great guy. Well, he
wasn't a great guy.
It's a living thing.
So
he died. Oh,
92. 92. But before that, he came back here because
he was born here. He had a family here. He had a lot of
family here. And he was one of the first women to
come back here. And I was a priest there. And I was
one of the first women to come back here. And I was a
priest there. What were you doing here? Um, I
was working for an agency. Oh, okay. I was a
secretary, an assistant to an agency in the
agency. With, uh, hours, or minutes, or who knows?
T.V.s. T.V.s. Okay. I don't know. Not that good of
an idea. It's okay. All right. You're an old
graduate, not that good of an idea. Yeah. You're so
smart, man. Um... Anyway,
so, um, I was going to go to New Orleans, Florida,
and see what we had. So, I did. Back when I came, I
went to my dad's. It was open up since then. And, um,
I went to my dad's. I went to my dad's.
okay
I've
been here.
Good thing. My mind is social.
I like people. That's the reason I started working
here. I started working here. As what? As a person.
Yeah.
Um,
I think since they
have a captive audience. Captive audience? Yeah,
they, you know, testify, you know, they've been
captivated. Yeah, yeah. I didn't know, I didn't
know. It is. It is. So, again, we're in the country,
and, uh, Basically,
were you doing it
on far and old, or ? No. Well, actually, I started
working with my supervisor. And at the time, . And
as the press grew, they sort of provided the
attribution . Now,
when you, what was your sense of the When
I first came
here,
I
was kind of afraid of it because everybody seemed
so intelligent and just very professional and
they had been here for so long. And they had moved
from the old building into this, you know, do the
trailer here and all of that. Yeah, because it was
such a family. Yeah, and they had been through so
much together. It was just, you know, really
a unique group. Oh, once I got to know everybody
again. I learned what was going
on. I was a little afraid of my God, because I had
never worked in publishing before, and I wasn't
sure what was going on. Now, you just commented,
you know, I didn't follow you, and you don't know
what it is, and you're not the first person, but I'm
the first person to know it. How do you tell them
when they call? Do you try to explain to them?
Well,
I do. I try to explain to them. I try to help them do
whatever I can. But I basically go through the
differences between an evaluation process and a
promotion process. Like, we don't charge, we
don't publish all the work. I tell them about the
faculty committee and the evaluation process
management process go through. And we get to the
point where everybody steps in and goes through.
you get a cold call yes or something
like that
and i kind of got a straight story Because
it's supposed to be a secret, and she's not going to
tell anybody that her kid's a dad. So it's strange.
I don't know. Yeah. I don't know who's going to be on
there. I don't know who that
is. Yeah. I don't know who that is. Yeah. I don't
know who that is. When, do you feel like the volume
of activity,
the level of activity has definitely been
increasing? Oh, definitely. Definitely. We are,
not only have we published more books per year than
we did when I first came here, but we've gotten new
series, several new series. And just, like Sidney
said, I'm not as interested as he is. It
seems
to be high or low points when you press
activities. I guess what we're all doing is low
points. You came in there. Yeah. The law is just
totally falling down. Yeah, it is. And a lot of
people are thinking that we're really
disgusting. We're not really disgusting. We're
just kind of demoralized. And when Mary came, was
there a pickup or what was the reception like? The
atmosphere
was such at the time that
the comments were so... Yeah,
okay.
Yeah, that's a good point. And that has
happened, and it's been a long process. Yeah,
we've done it, but I think it's coming down to it.
Did Mary, you think, have a role in helping restore
that communication? She was such an outsider.
Well, I think that's what helped. The fact that she
was an outsider, and she could come in and be
objective about it. And the
fact that
she was so
visible and always in the halls talking to people
and asking, you know, their opinions. I mean, I
think that's awesome. That's great. But I'm still
exploring how to handle all of that.
That's a good point to do. It's kind of sensitive.
Yeah. That's a good point. And then, Mabel.
Mm-hmm. Was that a surprise? No. Actually, the way
they did that was really, I think, kind of helped
tie everybody together. Everybody was involved
in the structure classes. And that hadn't been
done before. Everybody was involved. who
was able to sit in on the interviews and was able to
ask first things. We got together and decided that
as a person, you're going to ask all the things so
that it wouldn't be biased in any way. And then we
would each ask to give our opinion or one thing in
order to ensure that it was helpful. And that's how
we ended up with one. I think that's what we're all
about here. Yeah, okay. he's an outsider too yeah
he's from the north yeah
It's
just a different
way of working. Do
you see any new directions
or activities or things
happening now? Well, I
see us growing. I would like to see us, I know we'll
never do the Oxford University for us, and some of
the bigger ones, and Chicago, but I would like to
see us be a major place in this life inside of us, and
be with us. I think we can do it. I think we can do it.
We can do this. Are
you
probably doing acquisitions
yourself? Working with everybody? I'm working
with everybody. I'm in the same support position I
did. I grew up calling these names, but they're way
up there. I've been in this room. I wrote it
sometimes. That's great. Did you go to any of those
blogs here today? Yeah. You didn't mail. Yeah. I
wrote the articles on private commissions. I'm
not sure everybody has their commissions now.
Yeah. There's
free lunch.
Um, is there anything you think
I, you know,
if you were a writer, that you think would be
particularly, would be a fun thing to do?
That's
the only thing we
haven't talked about. Just the fact that your
husband, the fact that your husband writes, and
the other things. That's what I've heard. And I'm
still running across files that smell like
smoke, and I've got advantage, and it seems good to
me. Yeah,
and that's still kind of... I think that's true.
Yeah, I think it is, too. And now that some of the
university buses have closed, you know, because
they weren't supported by the university or
anybody, you know, it kind of makes you stop and
wonder, you know, even though we are growing and
expanding, you know, how far we've come. I mean,
we're part of it. We're part of it. So, you know, I
don't know. The only big part of it is they do have a
financial wherewithal in a lot of places. Don't
they? It worked. The system worked. We have a lot of
Bordeaux's that are really supportive of us.
Bordeaux are around. One of the new young guys got
there, too. Well, the thing that really
amazes me is that the young people on campus don't
believe in this. They don't know who we are. In the
fall, we did a lot
of students who were lost, and they went to the
programs, and they come over here, and they do a
little sexual... office
before i think we need to uh i
think
Because
I'm sure there's people in the community who are
doing their own tricks. I think that's what I'm
going to try to do. Yes, you're going to need a base
every year. And then another problem, part of our
problem is we're in a red house. That is, if you're
too focused on taxes, if you have trouble with the
family, you think you ought to be focused on the
great issues of the day. You can't win. Well,
that's all I need for
the moment.